A few last minute changes + ChefDK 3.12 release notes (#2307)
chef/chef-dk: RELEASE_NOTES.md

# ChefDK 3.12 Release Notes

## Chef Generate Updates

> Many of the non-breaking updates that to the `chef generate` command, which shipped in ChefDK 4 have been backported to ChefDK 3.

Reviewer: This should read better now

## Updated Components

### Chef Infra Client 14.14.25

Chef Infra Client has been udpated from 14.13 to 14.14.25. This release includes support for the new `unified_mode` in custom resources, a large number of improvements to resources, improved platform detection support, as well as bug fix. See the [Chef Infra Client 14.14.25 Release Notes](https://github.com/chef/chef/blob/chef-14/RELEASE_NOTES.md#chef-client-release-notes-141425) for a detailed list of changes.

### ChefSpec 7.4.0

ChefSpec has been updated to 7.4 with better support stubbing commands, and a new `policyfile_path` configuration option for specifying the path to the PolicyFile.

### kitchen-azurerm

kitchen-azurerm has been updated from 0.14.8 to 0.14.9, which adds a new `use_ephemeral_osdisk` configuration option. See Microsoft's [Empheral OS Disk Announcement](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/updates/azure-ephemeral-os-disk-now-generally-available/) for more information on this new feature.

### kitchen-digitalocean 0.10.4

> kitchen-digitalocean has been updated to 0.10.4 with support for new distros and additional configuration options for instance setup. You can now control the default DigitalOcean region systems that are spun up by using a new `DIGITALOCEAN_REGION` env var. You can still modify the region in the driver section of your `kitchen.yml` file if you'd like, and the default region of `nyc1` has not changed. This release also adds slug support for `fedora-29`, `fedora-30`, and `ubuntu-19`. Finally, if you'd like to monitor your test instances, the new `monitoring` configuration option in the `kitchen.yml` driver section allows enabling DigitalOcean's instance monitoring. See the [kitchen-digitalocean readme](https://github.com/test-kitchen/kitchen-digitalocean/blob/master/README.md) for `kitchen.yml` config examples.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
kitchen-digitalocean has been updated to 0.10.4 with support for new distros and additional configuration options for instance setup. You can now control the default DigitalOcean region systems that are spun up by using a new `DIGITALOCEAN_REGION` environmental variable. You can still modify the region in the driver section of your `kitchen.yml` file if you'd like, and the default region of `nyc1` has not changed. This release also adds slug support for `fedora-29`, `fedora-30`, and `ubuntu-19`. Finally, if you'd like to monitor your test instances, the new `monitoring` configuration option in the `kitchen.yml` driver section allows enabling DigitalOcean's instance monitoring. See the [kitchen-digitalocean readme](https://github.com/test-kitchen/kitchen-digitalocean/blob/master/README.md) for `kitchen.yml` config examples.
```

### knife-vsphere 3.0.1

Knife-vsphere has been updated to 3.0.1. This new version adds support for specifying the `bootstrap_template` when creating new VMs. This release also improves how the plugin finds VM hosts, in order to support hosts in nested directories.

## Security Updates

### Ruby

Ruby has been updated from 2.5.5 to 2.5.6 in order to resolve the following CVEs:

- [CVE-2019-16255](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2019-16255): A code injection vulnerability of Shell#[] and Shell#test
- [CVE-2019-16254](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2019-16254): HTTP response splitting in WEBrick (Additional fix)
- [CVE-2019-15845](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2019-15845): A NUL injection vulnerability of File.fnmatch and File.fnmatch?
- [CVE-2019-16201](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2019-16201): Regular Expression Denial of Service vulnerability of WEBrick’s Digest access authentication

### openssl

> OpenSSL has been updated from 1.0.2r to 1.0.2t to resolve the following CVEs:

Reviewer 2: This bulleted list needs a blank line between line 77 and 78.
